THERMAL ENERGY SERVICE AGREEMENT THIS THERMAL ENERGY SERVICE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into as of the 26th day of September 1996, by and between ATLANTIC JERSEY THERMAL SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), and TRUMP PLAZA ASSOCIATES, A New Jersey general partnership ("Buyer"). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Seller is engaged in the business of producing and selling heating and cooling energy; and WHEREAS, Buyer operates the Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino and Trump World's Fair Casino at Trump Plaza located at Mississippi and Florida Avenues and the Boardwalk, Atlantic City, New Jersey 08401, as the same may be expanded or improved from time to time ("Buyer's Facilities"); and WHEREAS, Buyer presently purchases from Seller and Seller presently sells to Buyer all of Buyer's heating and cooling energy requirements for Buyer's Facilities pursuant to that certain Thermal Energy Sale Agreement ("TESA") dated as of February 1, 1995 between Seller and Buyer, as amended by that certain letter agreement ("Letter Agreement") dated as of February 23, 1995 between Seller and Buyer, as further amended by that certain Letter Agreement ("Second Letter Agreement") dated as of September 15, 1995 between Seller and Buyer; and WHEREAS, Seller presently operates and maintains "Seller's Required Facilities", as that term is defined in the TESA, pursuant to that certain Operating Agreement ("Operating Agreement") dated as of May 1, 1995 between Seller and Buyer; and WHEREAS, Seller desires to obtain the exclusive right to use the steam and chilled water production facilities located onsite at Buyer's Facilities in order to sell to Buyer all of Buyer's heating and cooling energy requirements for Buyer's Facilities at an additional cost savings to Buyer; and WHEREAS, Buyer is willing to allow Seller to operate the steam and chilled water production facilities and emergency electric generating facilities located onsite at Buyer's Facilities on an exclusive basis for the aforestated purposes on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants, conditions and agreements hereinabove and hereinafter set forth and such other good and valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Buyer and Seller, each intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings as set forth below: (a) "Billing Month" shall mean any calendar month, or any portion thereof, during which Buyer receives and Seller delivers Thermal Energy to Buyer's Facilities in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. (b) "Contractual Obligation" shall mean, as to either party to this Agreement, any contract, agreement, indenture, instrument or undertaking to which such party is a party or by which any of its properties is bound or affected. (c) "Emergency Electric Generating Facilities" shall mean, the diesel generators, motors, pumps, heat exchangers, piping, valves, day tanks and starters ("Diesel Sets") and electric switchgear and transfer switches necessary to start and operate the Diesel Sets, and all appurtenant equipment thereto, together with any and all parts, supplies, meters and equipment installed or added thereto, which constitute the emergency electric generating facilities located at Buyer's Facilities, including but not limited to those more specifically identified on Schedule 1(c) attached hereto and made a part hereof. (d) "Emergency Electric Services" shall mean electric services provided or which could be provided to Buyer by Seller from the Emergency Electric Generating Facilities in the event of an interruption in electric service to Buyer's Facilities by Atlantic City Electric Company or successor thereto. (e) "Governmental Authority" shall mean the federal government and state or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any other governmental entity with authority over any aspect of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations hereunder. (f) "Metering Equipment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 of this Agreement. (g) "Points of Delivery" shall mean the physical point where Thermal Energy is delivered to Buyer, as more specifically described on Schedule 1(g) attached hereto and made a part hereof. 2 (h) "Points of Return" shall mean the physical point where Seller is anticipated to receive the chilled water return and condensate from Buyer, as more specifically described on Schedule 1 (h) attached hereto and made a part hereof. (i) "New Service Commencement Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 of this Agreement. (j) "Thermal Energy" shall mean, as the context requires, quantities of heating and cooling energy as measured in mmBtu's and tonhrs., respectively, extracted from the circulating flows of the steam/condensate and chilled water provided to Buyer at Buyer's Facilities in accordance with the delivery specifications set forth on Schedule 1 (j) of this Agreement. (k) "Thermal Energy Capacity Charges" shall mean the capacity charges for Thermal Energy for each Billing Month determined in accordance with the capacity charges set forth on Schedule 7.1 of this Agreement. (l) "Thermal Energy Production Facilities" shall mean the chillers, boilers, cooling towers, pumps and all appurtenant equipment thereto, together with any and all parts, supplies and equipment installed or added thereto, and all improvements, additions or replacements made thereto (on the primary side) which constitute the steam and chilled water production facilities located at Buyer's Facilities, and shall include Buyer Owned Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Seller Owned Thermal Energy Production Facilities, all as more specifically identified on Schedule 1(l) attached hereto and made a part hereof. (m) "Thermal Energy Usage Charges" shall mean the usage charges for Thermal Energy for each Billing Month determined in accordance with the usage charges set forth on Schedule 7.1 of this Agreement. (n) "Trump Plaza (East Expansion)" shall mean the building and associated structures of the former Holiday Inn hotel property, owned by Buyer and located on the parcel bounded by Missouri Avenue, Pacific Avenue, Columbia Avenue and The Boardwalk in Atlantic City, New Jersey. (o) "Trump Plaza (Main)" shall mean the building and associated structures owned by Buyer and located on the parcel bounded by Mississippi Avenue, Pacific Avenue, Columbia Avenue and The Boardwalk in Atlantic City, New Jersey. 3 2. TERM AND TERMINATION OF TESA 2.1 Term. This Agreement shall be in full force and effect and be legally binding upon the parties and their permitted successors and assigns as of the date hereof and shall remain in effect for a term of twenty (20) years following the New Service Commencement Date, unless otherwise terminated as provided herein (the "Term"). 2.2 New Service Commencement Date. Buyer and Seller shall mutually agree upon a New Service Commencement Date upon which Seller shall first make available and deliver to Buyer's Facilities Thermal Energy and upon which [Atlantic Operating Systems, Inc.], Seller's affiliate, assumes operation of Buyer's Emergency Electric Generating Facilities as provided herein, but in no event shall the New Service Commencement Date occur any later than October 15, 1996, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties. 2.3 Termination of TESA. As of the New Service Commencement Date, the TESA, Letter Agreement, Second Letter Agreement and Operating Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect, it being the intent of the parties that each of such agreements be superseded and replaced by this Agreement and the operating agreement more specifically described in Section 5.2 of this Agreement. 3. LICENSE AGREEMENT 3.1 Grant of License. Buyer hereby grants to Seller (i) a nonexclusive license throughout the Term of this Agreement to enter upon Buyer's Facilities in order to inspect and gain access to the Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities; (ii) an exclusive license commencing on the New Service Commencement Date and continuing thereafter throughout the Term of this Agreement to use, operate and maintain the Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities to the extent and for the purposes set forth herein, which license shall be irrevocable for so long as the Agreement remains in effect and Seller is not in default of any of its obligations hereunder; and (iii) a nonexclusive license to use, without interruption, the electrical service, makeup water lines and fire control system which support the Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities to the extent necessary in the use, operation and maintenance of the Thermal energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities; provided, however, that Seller shall at no time interfere with the business operations of Buyer's Facilities including, without limitation, the operation of the casinohotel located at Buyer's Facilities. 4 3.2 Consideration for Licenses. In consideration for the licenses granted to Seller by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1 above, Seller hereby agrees to pay to Buyer the sum of Five Million ($5,000,000.00) Dollars (the "License Fee"). The License fee shall be payable on the New Service Commencement Date, but in no event later than September 30, 1996, in immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer. 4. EASEMENTS 4.1 Easements and RightsOfWay; Access. Buyer shall grant, or cause to be granted, to Seller all rightsofway, access rights, easements, licenses and other rights with respect to Buyer's Facilities as may be reasonably necessary for Seller to perform its obligations and exercise its rights hereunder. Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, or cause to be obtained (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Seller) nondisturbance agreements or, if applicable, waivers and/or consents from each of its mortgagees or landlords with respect to all rights of way, access rights, easements, licenses and other property rights which Seller is obligated to provide or cause to be provided to Seller pursuant to this Article 4. 5. THERMAL ENERGY PRODUCTION FACILITIES, EMERGENCY ELECTRIC GENERATING FACILITIES AND RELATED REQUIREMENTS 5.1 Thermal Energy Production Facilities. Seller will engineer, permit, construct, finance, operate and maintain the Thermal Energy Production Facilities so as to produce and deliver Thermal Energy to Buyer at the agreed upon Points of Delivery. 5.2 Emergency Electric Generating Facilities. Seller will engineer, permit, construct, finance, operate and maintain the Emergency Electric Generating Facilities so as to produce and deliver Emergency Electric Services to Buyer as required. 5.3 Facility Operation. Seller will use, operate and maintain the Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities in a manner which meets or exceeds good industry practice, and Seller shall secure and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, all permits necessary for the use, operation and maintenance of Buyer's Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities. As soon as practicable, but in no event later than October 15, 1996, Buyer and Seller shall enter into a definitive operating agreement on terms mutually acceptable to each of them setting forth their respective responsibilities for the use, operation and maintenance 5 of the Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities. 5.4 Facility Ownership. Title to the Buyer Owned Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities shall remain with Buyer and Seller shall not remove, alter (except as otherwise required or permitted under this Agreement) or permit any lien to exist on such Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Emergency Electric Generating Facilities. 5.5 Buyer's Gas Requirements. Commencing on the New Service Commencement Date and continuing throughout the Term of this Agreement, Seller shall pay for all natural gas requirements of Buyer, provided, however, that Buyer shall reimburse Seller for the asdelivered cost of all gas quantities delivered to Buyer for use in its kitchen facilities, on a firm basis. Seller shall maintain a separate meter to measure and record gas delivered to Buyer's kitchen facilities. Upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Seller shall proceed with due diligence to transfer all natural gas service at Buyer's Facilities to Seller as of the New Service Commencement Date or as soon as practicable thereafter. If Seller is proceeding diligently with such transfer but is unable to effect the same as of the New Service Commencement Date, Buyer agrees to take gas service at such meters in its name and Seller shall reimburse Buyer at cost for all gas service taken in Buyer's name for use in Buyer's Facilities until such time as Seller is able to effect such transfer. 5.6 Removal of Temporary Facilities. No later than December 31, 1997, Seller shall dismantle and remove the temporary building and the Thermal Energy generating facilities in such building located on the Trump Plaza (East Expansion) parcel and previously constructed and installed by Seller to enable Seller on a temporary basis to provide all the Thermal Energy requirements of the Trump Plaza (East Expansion) and the Trump Plaza (Main). Seller shall reasonably restore the site of such temporary building to its prior condition. 5.7 Buyer's Electric Requirements. Commencing on the New Service Commencement Date and continuing throughout the Term of this Agreement, Seller shall be responsible for establishing and coordinating the electric submetering of electric service to the Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Seller shall grant a credit to Buyer on a monthly basis equal to the cost of such electricity delivered to Buyer's Thermal Energy Production Facilities, provided, however, that Buyer shall provide Seller with timely copies of its electric bills. The parties intend that Buyer shall remain the customer of record for all electric service to Buyer's Facilities. 6 5.8 Buyer's Water Requirements. Commencing on the New Service Commencement Date and continuing throughout the Term of this Agreement, Seller shall be responsible for measuring the makeup water associated with the water requirements of the Thermal Energy Production Facilities and Seller shall grant to Buyer a credit on a quarterly basis equal to the cost of such water usage at the currently applicable tariff rates. 6. PURCHASE AND SALE OF THERMAL ENERGY AND EMERGENCY ELECTRIC SERVICES 6.1 Purchase and Sale of Thermal Energy. Commencing on the New Service Commencement Date and continuing thereafter throughout the Term of this Agreement, Seller will produce and deliver for sale to Buyer, and Buyer will purchase and receive from Seller, all of Buyer's Thermal Energy requirements for Buyer's Facilities. Such Thermal Energy requirements will be produced by Seller from the Thermal Energy Production Facilities; provided, however, that Seller, at its sole reasonable discretion, may provide such Thermal Energy requirements from a centralized thermal energy plant to be owned and operated by Seller or an affiliate thereof, in which event Seller will maintain the Thermal Energy Production Facilities in a mothball condition which meets or exceeds good industry practice and in which event appropriate changes will be made to the Points of Delivery and Points of Return. Provided Buyer's Thermal Energy requirements do not exceed the levels of contract capacity specified in Schedule 7.1 attached hereto on more than two (2) occasions within any two (2) consecutive billing periods or in any two (2) Billing Months within consecutive calendar years, the costs thereof shall be as set forth in Schedule 7.1. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.2 hereof which shall control in the circumstances described therein, if Buyer's Thermal Energy requirements exceed the levels of contract capacity specified in Schedule 7.1 on more than two (2) occasions within any two (2) consecutive billing periods, the contract capacity specified in Schedule 7.1 shall be increased to the maximum quantity of capacity delivered to Buyer and the cost thereof shall be as set forth in Schedule 7.1. 6.2 Purchase and Sale of Emergency Electric Services. Commencing on the New Service Commencement Date and continuing thereafter throughout the Term of this Agreement, Seller will produce and deliver for sale to Buyer, and Buyer will purchase and receive from Seller, Emergency Electric Services produced from the Emergency Electric Generating Facilities that may be required in the event of an interruption in electric services to Buyer by Atlantic City Electric Company or successor thereto. 7 6.3 Points of Delivery and Return. Buyer will obtain its Thermal Energy, in the case of heating, by extracting heat from and, in the case of cooling, by transferring heat to, the circulating flows of steam and chilled water that Seller will make available to Buyer at the agreed upon Points of Delivery. Buyer agrees to take and accept the flows of steam and chilled water at such Points of Delivery and return the condensate and chilled water to Seller at the agreed upon Points of Return. 6.4 Point of Transfer, Risk of Loss. The sale of Thermal Energy shall be deemed to occur at the Points of Delivery and the risk of loss of the circulating medium shall transfer to Buyer at such points and shall transfer back to Seller at the Points of Return. 6.5 Delivery Specifications. The Thermal Energy delivered by Seller at the Points of Delivery shall satisfy the conditions of temperature and pressure specified in Schedule 1 (j) attached hereto and made a part hereof. 6.6 Treatment of Condensate and Chilled Water. Buyer shall not interfere with, or restrict (other than to extract its Thermal Energy requirements), or contaminate in any way the flows of steam, condensate or chilled water supplied to or collected from Buyer hereunder. Buyer agrees to compensate Seller for the reasonable costs of treating or replacing any condensate or chilled water that is either contaminated or not returned, after making allowance for reasonable losses occurring within normal operating conditions by Buyer, as reasonably demonstrated by Seller to Buyer. Further, it is agreed that Seller may suspend service if Buyer fails to cure any contamination of steam, condensate or chilled water caused by Buyer, as reasonably demonstrated by Seller to Buyer, within thirty (30) days after being advised in writing by Seller of such contaminating, provided, however, that if the nature of such contamination is such that the same cannot reasonably be cured within such thirty (30) day period, Buyer shall not be deemed to be in default if it shall have commenced such cure within such thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently and continuously prosecutes such cure to completion, and Seller may not suspend service to Buyer during such period of cure. 6.7 Scheduled Outages. Whenever it shall become necessary for Seller to schedule an outage so that Seller may make repairs, replacements or changes in the Thermal Energy Production Facilities, both parties shall exercise reasonable efforts to coordinate the timing of the scheduled outage, and, in any event, Seller shall give Buyer not less than ten (10) days prior written notice of such outage. Seller shall use reasonable means to limit the duration of the outage and shall attempt to schedule chilled water outages during winter months and steam outages during summer 8 months. Both parties agree to act reasonably and in good faith, recognizing that such outages will, from time to time, be required. Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, Seller agrees that outages shall not and may not result in the reduction of Thermal Energy services required to continue to maintain and meet Buyer's Thermal Energy requirements within reasonable levels hereunder. 6.8 Buyer's Rights During Interruption in Service. If at any time during this Agreement, Seller shall fail to deliver Buyer's Thermal Energy requirements and such failure is, in Buyer's reasonable judgment, attributable to Seller's failure to diligently pursue and implement appropriate corrective actions consistent with the facts and circumstances of the interruption, Buyer may at its option elect to cure Seller's non performance, without being in default of Buyer's obligations under this Agreement, by producing its own Thermal Energy (with or without use of the Thermal Energy Production Facilities) or purchasing and accepting deliveries of Thermal Energy from any other source. In such event, Seller shall reimburse Buyer for the excess of any costs if incurred by Buyer to cover over and above Seller's rates and charges hereunder. 7. CHARGES AND PAYMENTS 7.1 Charges for Heating and Cooling Service. For each Billing Month in which Buyer receives Thermal Energy from Seller, Buyer shall pay Seller (i) the applicable Thermal Energy Capacity Charges for Thermal Energy set forth in Schedule 7.1 attached hereto and made a part hereof; (ii) the applicable Thermal Energy Usage Charges for Thermal Energy set forth in Schedule 7.1 attached hereto and made a part hereof; and (iii) the Supplemental Chilled Water Capacity Charge. 7.2 Charges for Emergency Electric Services. For each billing month, Buyer shall pay Seller a monthly fee, said monthly fee to escalate annually, as set forth Schedule 7.1 attached hereto and made a part hereof, for Emergency Electric Services which could be provided to Buyer by Seller from the Emergency Electric Generating Facilities. 7.3 Adjustment in Thermal Energy Capacity Charges. In the event the Thermal Energy required by Buyer increases at any time within five (5) years of the New Service Commencement Date as the result of any expansion to Buyer's Facilities, Seller shall, at Buyer's option exercisable within six (6) months of Buyer's commencement of any expansion, provide such additional Thermal Energy requirements to Buyer under the same rates, terms and conditions then applicable under this Agreement. 9 7.4 Capacity Charge Payments; No SetOff. Unless excused by reason of Force Majeure, payment of the Thermal Energy Capacity Charges and Thermal Energy Usage Charges are conditioned on Seller's ability to deliver to Buyer at the Points of Delivery the full Thermal Energy requirements of Buyer under this Agreement, and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall not otherwise be subject to any setoff, counterclaim, abatement, or diminution. If Seller is unable to deliver to Buyer when required any quantity of Thermal Energy up to the levels of Contract Capacity specified in Schedule 7.1 the applicable Thermal Energy Capacity Charges shall be adjusted to on a pro rated basis to account for such deficiency. 7.5 Supplemental Riser Capital Charge. For each Billing Month commencing with October 1996 and continuing through and until May 2002, Buyer shall pay Seller the charges set forth in Schedule 7.5 attached hereto, which changes are independent of any other obligations hereunder and shall not be subject to setoff, counter claim, abatement, or diminution. 7.6 Invoice and Payments. Within fifteen (15) days following the close of each Billing Month, Seller shall send Buyer a detailed invoice setting forth all charges for Thermal Energy delivered to Buyer by Seller during such calendar month. Payment, less any credits or rebates due to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, will be due and payable within thirty (30) days of receipt by Buyer of the invoice from Seller, or the first business day following such day if such day is not a business day. Buyer shall have the right at reasonable hours to examine the testing records and meter reading charts of Seller to the extent reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of any invoice. If any such examination reveals any error or inaccuracy in Seller's invoice, than proper adjustment and correction thereof shall be made as promptly as practicable thereafter. 7.7 Delinquent Payments. Any invoice tendered for service rendered hereunder shall be deemed delinquent if not paid within thirty (30) days after becoming due and payable. The outstanding balance of any delinquent invoice shall accrue interest from the date due until paid, at the prime rate then in effect at Citibank, N.A., as published in the Wall Street Journal or comparable publication, plus one percent (2%) per annum. 8. METERING 8.1 Metering Equipment. Seller will furnish, install, and maintain for the Term of this Agreement without charge to Buyer all required meters, instruments, recording devices, and other related 10 data logging equipment required to measure and record all charges payable by Buyer under this Agreement (collectively, the "Metering Equipment"). 8.2 Testing. All Metering Equipment will be tested and calibrated by Seller periodically in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions and good industry practice. Test and calibration records will be issued to the Buyer upon request. Further, Buyer may request additional meter tests at any time; provided, however, if a meter is subsequently found to have a variance for accuracy of less than three (3%) percent, Buyer will bear the reasonable cost of such testing. 8.3 Adjustment to Prior Invoices. If any test establishes that a meter is not accurately performing (i.e., in accordance with the manufacturer's variance specifications), Seller shall make an adjustment in Buyer's invoices, measured from the date it is determined by Seller or Buyer, in good faith, that the inaccuracy began. 9. SALE OF THERMAL ENERGY TO THIRD PARTIES 9.1 Resale of Thermal Energy by Buyer. Thermal Energy may be resold by Buyer to its tenants, provided such tenants occupy Buyer's Facilities and provided that such resale does not subject Seller to any new or additional governmental rules, regulations or laws, including but not limited to, tax laws or regulations by any New Jersey regulatory authority. In case of any such resale, Buyer shall remain primarily liable to Seller for all costs and charges of Thermal Energy delivered to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. 10. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 10.1 Seller Representations. Seller hereby represents and warrants that: (a) It is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (b) Seller has or will obtain all necessary corporate approvals for the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder; (c) This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller enforceable against Seller in accordance with 11 its terms, subject to the qualification, however, that the enforcement of the rights and remedies herein is subject to (i) bankruptcy and other similar laws of general application affecting rights and remedies of creditors and (ii) the application of general principals of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); (d) To the best knowledge of Seller, as of the date of execution hereof, no Governmental Approval (other than any Governmental Approvals which have been previously obtained or disclosed, in writing, to Buyer), is required to authorize, or is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the performance of Seller's obligations hereunder which Seller has reason to believe that it will be unable to obtain in due course; and (e) Neither the execution nor delivery of this Agreement by Seller nor compliance by Seller with any of the terms and provisions hereof (i) conflicts with, breaches or contravenes the provisions of the corporate charter or bylaws of Seller or any Contractual Obligation of Seller or (ii) results in a condition or event that constitutes (or that, upon notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute) an event or default under any Contractual Obligation of the Seller. 10.2 Buyer Representations. Buyer hereby represents and warrants that: (a) It is a general partnership duly formed, validly and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its formation and has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary partnership action; (c) This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms, subject to the qualification, however, that the enforcement of the rights and remedies herein is subject to (i) bankruptcy and other similar laws of general application affecting rights and remedies of creditors and (ii) application of general principals of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); (d) To the best knowledge of Buyer, as of the date of execution hereof, no Governmental Approval (other than any Governmental Approvals which have been previously obtained or 12 disclosed, in writing, to Seller) is required to authorize, or is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the performance of Buyer's obligations hereunder which Buyer has reason to believe that it will be unable to obtain in due course. (e) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Buyer nor compliance by Buyer with any of the terms and provisions hereof (i) conflicts with, breaches or contravenes the provisions of the Partnership Agreement of Buyer or any Contractual Obligation of Buyer or (ii) results in a condition or event that constitutes (or that, upon notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute) an event of default under any Contractual Obligation of the Buyer. 11. INDEMNIFICATION/INSURANCE 11.1 Seller's Indemnity. Seller hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, its employees, officers, shareholders, directors and agents from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, recoveries, judgments, and costs and expenses in connection therewith (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses), made, brought or obtained on account of the loss of life, property, or injury or damage to the person or property of any person or persons whomsoever, which loss of life or property, or injury or damage to persons or property, shall arise out of or in connection with Seller's or its employees' use, operation and maintenance of the Thermal Energy Production Facilities, or any act required of or omission by Seller, or any agent or employee of Seller under this Agreement or in connection therewith. 11.2 Buyer's Indemnity. Buyer hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seller, its employees, officers, shareholders, directors and agents from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, recoveries, judgments, and costs and expenses in connection therewith (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses), made, brought or obtained on account of the loss of life, property, or injury or damage to the person or property of any person or persons whomsoever, which loss of life or property, or injury or damage to persons or property, shall arise out of or in connection with Sellers or its employees' operation of Buyer's Facilities (exclusive of the Thermal Energy Production Facilities), or any act required of or omission by Buyer, or any agent or employee of Buyer, under this Agreement or in connection therewith. 11.3 Seller's Insurance. Seller shall maintain throughout the Term of this Agreement, at its sole cost and 13 expense, the policies of insurance meeting the terms and conditions set forth on Schedule 11.3 attached hereto and made a part hereof. 11.4 Buyer's Insurance. Commencing on the date of this Agreement and at all times thereafter throughout the Term of this Agreement, Buyer shall maintain, at is sole cost and expense, comprehensive general public liability (including contractual) insurance, in an amount not less than $10,000,000, with respect to any liability, losses, damages, expenses, claims, actions, judgments and settlement for any personal injury, death or property or economic loss occurring in Buyer's Facilities (exclusive of the Thermal Energy Production Facilities) or surrounding premises and arising out of or incident to the operation, maintenance, repair, construction, replacement or modification of Buyer's Facilities (exclusive of the Thermal Energy Production Facilities). 11.5 Evidence of Insurance. Prior to commencing any construction or delivering any Thermal Energy under this Agreement, Seller and Buyer shall each furnish to the other one or more certificates of insurance evidencing the existence of the coverages set forth in Sections 11.3 and 11.4, respectively. Each certificate shall state that the insurance carrier will give Seller and Buyer at least thirty (30) days written notice of any cancellation or material change in the terms and conditions of such policy during the periods of coverage. 12. DEFAULT 12.1 Seller Default. Anyone of the following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder with respect to Seller: (a) In connection with itself or its assets, Seller shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of or taking of possession by a receiver or liquidator, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (ii) file a petition for relief under the Federal Bankruptcy Code or similar state law, or (iii) take similar action to commence a proceeding for relief under any other law relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or winding up of itself or the composition or adjustment of its debts; (b) An action or proceeding shall be commenced, without the application or consent of Seller, in any court of competent jurisdiction for (i) the liquidation, reorganization, dissolution, or winding up of Seller of the composition or adjustment of its debts, (ii) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator or custodian of Seller or substantially of all its assets, or (iii) any similar relief under any law relating to Seller's bankruptcy or insolvency, provided such proceeding shall 14 continue undismissed, or an order, judgment or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered and continues unstayed for ninety (90) days; (c) Any representation or warranty made by Seller and contained in this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or (d) Seller shall fail to (i) timely make any payment required hereunder, or (ii) comply with any nonpayment obligation under this Agreement and shall fail to cure or remedy such default within thirty (30) days following notice and written demand by Buyer to cure the same; provided, however, that Seller's failure to provide and deliver to Buyer the Thermal Energy required pursuant to this Agreement for any period of three (3) consecutive days, unless excused due to Force Majeure or actions or inactions of Buyer its agents representatives or employees, shall constitute an immediate Event of Default. 12.2 Buyer Default. Any one of the following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder with respect to Buyer. (a) In connection with itself or its assets, Buyer shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of or taking of possession by a receiver or liquidator, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (ii) file a petition of relief under the Federal Bankruptcy Code or similar state law, or (iii) take similar action to commence a proceeding for relief under any other law relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or winding up of itself or the composition or adjustment of its debts; (b) An action or proceeding shall be commenced, without the application or consent of Buyer, in any court of competent jurisdiction for (i) the liquidation, reorganization, dissolution, or winding up of the buyer or the composition or adjustment of its debts, (ii) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator or custodian of Buyer or substantially all of its assets, or (iii) any similar relief under any law relating to Buyer's bankruptcy or insolvency, provided such proceeding shall continue undismissed or order, judgment or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered and continue unstayed for ninety (90) days; (c) Any representation or warranty made by Buyer and contained in this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made by Buyer; or (d) Buyer shall fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement and shall fail to cure or remedy such default within 15 thirty (30) days following notice and written demand by Seller to cure the same. 13. REMEDIES 13.1 Seller's Remedies. Upon an Event of Default by Buyer, Seller may declare the Buyer to be in material breach of this Agreement and (i) suspend service until Buyer either cures the default or, in the case of nonpayment, provides Seller with such assurances and security as Seller may reasonably request, (ii) terminate this Agreement by written notice to Buyer, or (iii) seek such other relief to which Seller may be entitled at law or equity. 13.2 Buyer's Remedies. Upon an Event of Default by Seller, Buyer may (i) to the extent commercially practicable, cure the default by Seller and obtain reimbursement (through direct cash payment, credit, offset or otherwise as Buyer may elect) from Seller for all costs and expenses incurred by Buyer in connection with such cure, (ii) terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller, or (iii) seek whatever relief to which Buyer may be entitled at law or equity. 14. FORCE MAJEURE 14.1 Suspension of Performance. Neither Buyer nor Seller shall be in default in respect of any obligation under this Agreement if the party is unable to perform its obligation by reason of an event of Force Majeure, provided (i) that the suspension of performance shall be commensurate with the nature and duration of the event of Force Majeure and the nonperforming party is using its best efforts to restore its ability to perform, (ii) that for so long as an event of Force Majeure relieves Seller of its obligation to deliver Thermal Energy to Buyer as required under this Agreement, Buyer may elect, without being in default of its obligations hereunder, to produce its own Thermal Energy or to purchase and accept deliveries of Thermal Energy from any other source. 14.2 Termination by Reason of Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement contained to the contrary, if a party's performance is suspended for more than one (1) year, the other party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other, provided (with respect to an event of Force Majeure by Seller) that upon such termination Buyer is able to generate its own Thermal Energy or to obtain Thermal Energy from a third party. 16 14.3 Force Majeure Defined. Force Majeure shall mean any event that prevents or delays a party from performing in whole or in part any obligation arising under this Agreement and neither was within the reasonable control of the nonperforming party nor could have been prevented by reasonable actions taken by the nonperforming party, including, without limitation, an act of God, explosion, fire, lightening, earthquake, hurricane, storm, civil disturbance, strike, lockout, unavailability of fuel or power, changes in law, orders of governmental authorities, and equipment failures that are not due to the negligence of the nonperforming party. 15. TERMINATION This Agreement shall terminate at the end of the Term and may otherwise be sooner terminated only: (i) by Buyer upon the occurrence of an Event of Default by Seller, (ii) by Seller upon the occurrence of an Event of Default by Buyer, (iii) by either party in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.2 of this Agreement, or (iv) by Buyer in the event of any increase in the cost of Thermal Energy hereunder by more than ten (10%) percent and actually paid or to be paid by Buyer resulting solely from the assertion of rate jurisdiction and imposition of any law or regulation respecting rates, whether now existing or hereafter enacted, (including without limitation any rate regulation by the State of New Jersey Board of Public Utilities) or directly resulting form the administration or interpretation of any such law or regulation respecting rate regulation by any Governmental Authority. 16. MISCELLANEOUS 16.1 Assignment. Neither Party shall assign this Agreement without first having obtained the written consent of the other party, provided, however, that either party may assign its rights and delegate its duties hereunder without first obtaining the other party's consent to any subsidiary or affiliated entity controlled by the assigning party, on the condition that the assignee agrees in writing to assume all of the obligations of the assigning party hereunder, further provided, however, that either party may assign, pledge or mortgage this Agreement as security for the obligations or indebtedness of such party, including Seller's financing of the District Thermal Energy Facilities, without the approval of the other party. 16.2 Notice. All notices hereunder shall be sufficient if sent by registered or certified mail postage prepaid, addressed, if to Seller: Atlantic Jersey Thermal Systems, Inc., 5100 Harding 17 Highway, Route 40 & 32 Avenue, Mays Landing, New Jersey 08330, Attention: President; and if to Buyer: Trump Plaza Associates, Mississippi and Florida Avenues and the Boardwalk, Atlantic City, New Jersey 08401, Attention: President and Chief Operating Officer, provided that either Seller or Buyer may by like notice designate any further or different address or addresses or person to which notices shall be sent. 16.3 Limitation of Liability. Except in the case of willful misconduct or gross negligence, neither Seller nor Buyer, nor their respective officers, officials, partners, agents, employees, subsidiaries, parents or affiliates shall be liable to the other party, or their respective officers, officials, directors, partners, agents, employees, subsidiaries, parents or affiliates for claims for incidental, special, direct or consequential damages of any nature, including lost profits and opportunity costs in connection with or resulting from performance or nonperformance of their respective obligations under or in connection with this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 16.3, however, shall limit either party's rights or remedies to recover any direct damages for a breach of this Agreement. 16.4 Confidentiality. Each of the parties agrees to hold in confidence any information supplied to it by the other and designated in writing as confidential unless the recipient is required to disclose the information as a matter of law, in which case, the recipient shall give the other party prior written notice. 16.5 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate and several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 16.6 Severability. Any provision hereof that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof and without affecting the validity or enforceability of any provision in any other jurisdiction. 16.7 Casino Control Commission Approval. During the Term of this Agreement, all provisions of the New Jersey Casino Control Act shall be complied with by Buyer and Seller, and Seller agrees to apply for a casino service industry license, if required by the New Jersey Casino Control Commission. In addition, Seller agrees to file a vendor registration if it has not already done so. 18 16.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and shall be enforceable under the laws of the State of New Jersey. 16.9 Entire Agreement. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the matters contained herein and all prior agreements with respect thereto are superseded hereby. No amendment or modification hereof shall be binding unless duly executed by both Parties. 19 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date and day first above written. ATLANTIC JERSEY THERMAL SYSTEMS, INC. By: /s/ CARL H. FOGLER Name: Carl H. Fogler Title: Vice President TRUMP PLAZA ASSOCIATES By: /s/ BARRY J. CREGAN Name: Barry J. Cregan Title: Chief Operating Officer 20 SCHEDULE 1(g) POINTS OF DELIVERY "Steam" point of delivery is defined as the point of exit from the boiler mechanical room of the steam piping system located in Buyer's Facilities. Metering of steam usage will occur within the boiler mechanical room. "Chilled Water Supply" point of delivery is defined as the point of exit from the chiller mechanical room of the chilled water supply piping system located in Buyer's Facilities. Metering of chilled water usage will occur within the chiller mechanical room. 21 SCHEDULE 1(h) POINTS OF RETURN "Condensate" point of return is defined as the point of entry into the boiler mechanical room of the condensate piping system located in Buyer's Facilities. "Chilled Water Return" point of return is defined as the point of entry into the chiller mechanical room of the chilled water return piping system located in Buyer's Facilities. 22 SCHEDULE 1(j) CONTRACT CAPACITIES AND THERMAL ENERGY SPECIFICATIONS [Please see attached]. 23 SCHEDULE 1(l) THERMAL ENERGY PRODUCTION FACILITIES The "Thermal Energy Production Facilities" are defined as all equipment identified on the following Chilled Water Piping Schematic and Steam Piping Schematic. All equipment shown on these schematics reside in the respective Chiller and Boiler Mechanical Rooms located within Buyer's Facilities. Also included is the entire condenser water system including pumps, piping and cooling towers. All associated electrical and controls equipment required for the operation of the abovementioned equipment is also included. [To Be Completed]. 24 SCHEDULE 7.1 Thermal Energy Capacity Charges, Thermal Energy Usage Charges, and Emergency Electric Services I. CHARGES FOR HEATING SERVICE The charges for heating service in any billing month shall equal the sum of the Monthly Capacity Charges and Monthly Usage Charges. A. MONTHLY CAPACITY CHARGES The Monthly Steam Capacity Charge shall equal the product of the Steam Contract Capacity times the sum of the Steam Capital Capacity Rate and the Steam O&M Capacity Rate, i.e., MSCC = SCC x (SCCR + SOMCR) where, MSCC = Monthly Steam Capacity Charge ($) SCC = Steam Contract Capacity (MMBtu/hr.), and SCCR = Steam Capital Capacity Rate ($ per MMBtu/hr.) SOMCR = Steam O&M Capacity Rate ($ per MMBtu/hr.) The initial Steam Capital Capacity Rate shall equal $668.39 per MMBtu/hr and the initial Steam O&M Capacity Rate shall equal $273.81 per MMBtu/hr. These rates shall be adjusted annually commencing on January 1, 1997. The new rates shall be determined by multiplying the old rates times the fraction whose numerator shall equal the latest available "Consumer Price Index, All Items, Urban Consumers, Wilmington Philadelphia" as published by the U.S. Department of Commerce and whose denominator shall equal the same index as of twelve months immediately preceding, provided that with respect to the Steam Capital Capacity Rate, such fraction shall be no less than 1.03 nor more than 1.04. Refer to Schedule 1(j) for the Steam Contract Capacities. 25 B. MONTHLY USAGE CHARGE The Monthly Steam Usage Charge shall equal the product of the Monthly Steam Energy Deliveries times the quantity determined by adding the Monthly Steam Base Usage Rate and the Monthly Steam Energy Usage Rate, i.e., MSUC = MSED x ( MSBUR + MSEUR ) where, MSUC = Monthly Steam Usage Charge ($) MSED = Monthly Steam Energy Deliveries (MMBtu) MSBUR = Monthly Steam Base Usage Rate ($/MMBtu), and MSEUR = Monthly Steam Energy Usage Rate ($/MMBtu) The initial Monthly Base Usage Charge shall equal $0.750 per MMBtu. This rate shall be adjusted annually commencing on January 1, 1997. The new rates shall be determined by multiplying the old rate times the fraction whose numerator shall equal the latest available "Consumer Price Index, All Items, Urban Consumers, Wilmington Philadelphia" as published by the U.S. Department of Commerce and whose denominator shall equal the same index as of twelve months immediately preceding. The initial Monthly Energy Usage Charge shall equal $4.00 per MMBtu. This charge shall be adjusted quarterly commencing on January 1, 1997. The new rate shall be determined by multiplying the old rate times the fraction whose numerator shall equal the latest available Energy Usage Index Steam, as defined below, and whose denominator shall equal the same index as of the immediately preceding quarter. "Energy Usage Index Steam" shall mean, for any quarter, the quantity obtained by performing the following calculation: [80%(NG Index Current Quarter) + 20%(No. 2 Fuel Oil Index Current Quarter)] [80%(NG Index Previous Quarter) + 20%(No. 2 Fuel Oil Index Previous Quarter)] Where, "NG Index" means, for any month, the arithmetic mean of the City Gate Prices for NY/NJ for such month, as published in Inside FERC Gas Market Report (or any successor publication mutually acceptable to Seller and Purchaser). 26 "No. 2 Fuel Oil Index" means, for any month, the price on the first business day of such month of the Philadelphia Reseller Tank Car Price of No. 2 Oil, as published daily in the Journal of Commerce (or any successor publication mutually acceptable to Seller and Purchaser). II. CHARGES FOR COOLING SERVICE The charges for cooling service in any billing month shall equal the sum of the Monthly Capacity Charges and Monthly Usage Charges. A. MONTHLY CAPACITY CHARGES The Monthly Chilled Water Capacity Charge shall equal the product of the Chilled Water Contract Capacity times the sum of the Chilled Water Capital Capacity Rate and the Chilled Water O&M Capital Rate, i.e., MCWCC = CWCC x (CWCCR + CWOMCR) where, MCWCC = Monthly Chilled Water Capacity Charge ($) CWCC = Chilled Water Contract Capacity (Tons), and CWCCR = Chilled Water Capital Capacity Rate ($ per Ton) CWOMCR = Chilled Water O&M Capacity Rate ($ per Ton) The initial Chilled Water Capital Capacity Rate shall equal $9.03 per Ton and the initial Chilled Water O&M Capacity Rate shall equal $8.97 per Ton. This rate shall be adjusted annually commencing on January 1, 1997. The new rates shall be determined by multiplying the old rate times the fraction whose numerator shall equal the latest available "Consumer Price Index, All Items, Urban Consumers, Wilmington Philadelphia" as published by the U.S. Department of Commerce and whose denominator shall equal the same index as of twelve months immediately preceding, provided that fraction with respect to Chilled Water Capital Capacity Rate, such shall be no less than 1.03 nor more than 1.04. Refer to Schedule 1(j) for the Steam Contract Capacities. 27 B. MONTHLY USAGE CHARGE The Monthly Chilled Water Usage Charge shall equal the product of the Monthly Chilled Water Energy Deliveries times the quantity determined by adding the Monthly Chilled Water Base Usage Rate and the Monthly Chilled Water Energy Usage Rate, i.e., MCWUC = MCWED x ( MCWBUR + MCWEUR ) where, MCWUC = Monthly Chilled Water Usage Charge ($) MCWED = Monthly Chilled Water Energy Deliveries (MMBtu) MCWBUR = Monthly Chilled Water Base Usage Rate ($/MMBtu), and MCWEUR = Monthly Chilled Water Energy Usage Rate ($/MMBtu) The initial Monthly Chilled Water Base Usage Charge shall equal $0.0390 per Tonhr. This rate shall be adjusted annually commencing on January 1, 1997. The new rates shall be determined by multiplying the old rate times the fraction whose numerator shall equal the latest available "Consumer Price Index, All Items, Urban Consumers, Wilmington Philadelphia" as published by the U.S. Department of Commerce and whose denominator shall equal the same index as of twelve months immediately preceding. The initial Monthly Chilled Water Energy Usage Charge shall equal $0.0529 per Tonhr. This charge shall be adjusted quarterly commencing on January 1, 1997. The new rate shall be determined by multiplying the old rate times the Energy Usage Index Chilled Water, as defined below. "Energy Usage Index Chilled Water" means, during any quarter, the fraction whose numerator shall equal the currently applicable AE Transmission Gen Service (TGS) Tariffed Rate for energy components only as of the end of such quarter (including applicable riders or adjustments) and whose denominator shall equal the same quantity for the immediately preceding quarter. III. Charges for Emergency Electric Service 28 Commencing on the New Service Commencement Date, the charges for Emergency Electric Services in any Billing Month shall equal thirty thousand dollars ($30,000). This monthly charge shall be adjusted annually commencing on January 1, 1997. The new monthly charges shall be determined by multiplying the old charges times the fraction whose numerator shall equal the latest available "Consumer Price Index, All Items, Urban Consumers, Wilmington Philadelphia" as published by the U.S. Department of Commerce and whose denominator shall equal the same index as of twelve months immediately preceding. 29 Certificates shall state that the insurance carrier must give Seller and Buyer at least thirty (15) days written notice of any cancellation or material change in the terms and conditions of such policy during the periods of coverage. Seller is not responsible for engineer, permit, construct, finance, operate and maintain the Thermal Energy Production Facilities. Seller shall not file any vendor registration. Seller cannot make water outrages.